docs: Add Thread safety section to README (#562)
aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python: README.rst

increasing the frame size can offer potentially significant performance gains.  We recommend that you tune these values
to your use-case in order to obtain peak performance.

Thread safety
==========================

> The clients are all thread safe, yes, with one minor qualifier. Instances of `KMSMasterKeyProvider` should not be shared between threads, for the reasons outlined in the `boto3 docs <http://boto3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/resources.html#multithreading-multiprocessing>`_ . We do create `new boto3 sessions <https://github.com/awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-python/blob/master/src/aws_encryption_sdk/key_providers/kms.py#L114>`_  for each `KMSMasterKeyProvider` instance regional client, so you don't need to worry about issues below that level. As long as you create a new `KMSMasterKeyProvider` for each thread, you should be fine.

Reviewer: Suggestion/Issue: 
My colleagues original response's links are outdated,
as are some of the references.

I have attempted to correct them here.

But I must admit, I am not sure what they referring to by 
`so you don't need to worry about issues below that level`.

My best guess:
Because the `KMSMaterKeyProvider` creates a new boto3 session per region,
users do not need to create a client for every region in every thread.

```suggestion
The `EncryptionSDKClient` and all provided`CryptoMaterialsManager` are thread safe.
But instances of `BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider` MUST not be shared between threads, 
for the reasons outlined in (the boto3 docs)[https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/resources.html#multithreading-or-multiprocessing-with-resources].

Because the `BaseKMSMaterKeyProvider` creates a [new boto3 sessions](https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python/blob/08f305a9b7b5fc897d9cafac55fb98f3f2a6fe13/src/aws_encryption_sdk/key_providers/kms.py#L665-L674) per region,
users do not need to create a client for every region in every thread;
a new  `BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider` per thread is sufficient.

(The `BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider` is the internal parent class of all the KMS Providers.)
```

> If you are using data key caching, however, caches can be shared across threads without issue, though if you want to share entries in that cache across threads you will need to be careful (see explanation about `partition name <http://aws-encryption-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.html#aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.CachingCryptoMaterialsManager>`_ ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, while the `CryptoMaterialsCache` is thread safe, 
sharing entries in that cache across threads needs to be done carefully
(see the !Note about partition name [in the API Docs](https://aws-encryption-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.html#aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.CachingCryptoMaterialsManager)).
```

increasing the frame size can offer potentially significant performance gains.  We recommend that you tune these values
to your use-case in order to obtain peak performance.

> Thread safety
> ==========================
> The `EncryptionSDKClient` and all provided`CryptoMaterialsManager` are thread safe.
> But instances of `BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider` MUST not be shared between threads, 
> for the reasons outlined in (the boto3 docs)[https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/resources.html#multithreading-or-multiprocessing-with-resources].
> 
> Because the `BaseKMSMaterKeyProvider` creates a [new boto3 sessions](https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python/blob/08f305a9b7b5fc897d9cafac55fb98f3f2a6fe13/src/aws_encryption_sdk/key_providers/kms.py#L665-L674) per region,
> users do not need to create a client for every region in every thread;
> a new  `BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider` per thread is sufficient.
> 
> (The `BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider` is the internal parent class of all the KMS Providers.)
> 
> Finally, while the `CryptoMaterialsCache` is thread safe, 
> sharing entries in that cache across threads needs to be done carefully
> (see the !Note about partition name [in the API Docs](https://aws-encryption-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.html#aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.CachingCryptoMaterialsManager)).

Reviewer: Issue/Suggestion: Fix MY mistake.

```suggestion
Thread safety
==========================
The ``EncryptionSDKClient`` and all provided ``CryptoMaterialsManager`` are thread safe.
But instances of ``BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider`` MUST not be shared between threads, 
for the reasons outlined in `the boto3 docs <https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/guide/resources.html#multithreading-or-multiprocessing-with-resources>`_.

Because the ``BaseKMSMaterKeyProvider`` creates a `new boto3 sessions <https://github.com/aws/aws-encryption-sdk-python/blob/08f305a9b7b5fc897d9cafac55fb98f3f2a6fe13/src/aws_encryption_sdk/key_providers/kms.py#L665-L674>`_ per region,
users do not need to create a client for every region in every thread;
a new  ``BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider`` per thread is sufficient.

(The ``BaseKMSMasterKeyProvider`` is the internal parent class of all the KMS Providers.)

Finally, while the ``CryptoMaterialsCache`` is thread safe, 
sharing entries in that cache across threads needs to be done carefully
(see the !Note about partition name `in the API Docs <https://aws-encryption-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.html#aws_encryption_sdk.materials_managers.caching.CachingCryptoMaterialsManager>`_).
```
